Intro: My name is Christian Lee Balageo, I live in Baguio City and I am 25 years old and studied Bachelors of Political Science and Psychology.
Hobbies: My hobbies are mainly playing online games and watching movies and series. On weekends i do mainly sports such as going out playing basketball, badminton, and volleyball with my neigbors, friends and cousins. On good weathers, I go to the archery range to shoot some arrows since I was played before back in highschool and college.
Goals for this year: My goal for this year is to focus on turning my life around to the better and focusing on building a career future plan. These past years have been very bad for me since I was not focusing on future goals or careers since I was busy focusing on having fun such as staying at home being lazy, drinking and just stayed at home playing video games. This time I finally change myself on focusing for a better future for myself by having a clear picture of what I wanted to do in the future.
Reasons to being a web developer: When I was a kid, I really wanted to learn more about computers, softwares and the internet however my parents were very conservative and didn't allow me to pusue that path. Now when I saw an ad of refocus on my facebook timeline back in November, I was intrigued and decided to join that webinar and after that I suddenly got excited and a nostalgic feeling of that this is what I wanted when I was a kid, after that I did my research and decided why not just pursue this path not just because this is what I wanted since I was young but because of the current state of the market wherein most businesses are made online, so this is good path to have that niche career in the future.